= KingViews

This is the new offical home of KingViews(forked from schorsch)

KingViews where extracted from SalesKing(https://www.SalesKing.eu) and consist 
of three different view helpers, KingForm( dl || labeled forms, enhanced inputs ),
KingList( dl, tables ) and KingFormat( date, money, percent )

This stuff is not optimized(yet) to run seamlessly within any rails project.
Fixes for rails 2.3.5 and of course 3.0 are needed. Some refacturing and of
course testing(still stuck in SalesKing) should be done, leaving space for forks.

== Install

You must use HAML for your views .. the cure for erb eye cancer

    gem install king_views


== KingForm

Clean up your forms with helpers in rails haml views, with support for:
* dl or labeled forms
* shorter syntax for inputs
* fieldset support (section)
* labels auto translated when present in I18n or Gettext
* info-text for auto translated info after each input
* bundle a couple of inputs under one label or dt incl. css class based counter for the wrapper
* based on rails action view helpers so all parameters are passed through(nearly all) to the original versions

=== Example
- dl_form_for @payment, :url => 'a path', :html => { :method => :post } do |f|
  -f.section do
    = f.hidden :lock_version
    = f.text :amount, :class => 'required', :value=> 'a custom val'
    = f.date :date
    = f.selection :payment_method
    - f.bundle 'status' do
      = f.radio :new_status, :closed, :checked=>true
      %span=t(:'status.closed')
      = f.radio :new_status, :open
      %span= t(:'activerecord.attributes.document.enum.status.open')
  -f.actions do
    = f.submit t(:'form.save')
    = secondary_link_to t(:'link.cancel'), parent_path

== KingList

Use KingList for an easy markup inside your lists and detail views. Its not as
extensive as KingForm and only provides the following:

* easy to use tables for listings
* dl-helper for detail views
* action_icons & action_buttons(forms) for css enabled icon markup

=== Example
    # Definition list for detail views
    - dl_for @invoice do |f|
      = f.show :number
      = f.show :date # auto-formated date field
      = f.show :total # auto-formated money field

    # table with header-klick sorting disabled
    - table_for(@payments,{:sorting => false} ) do |t, payment|
      - t.action_column do
        = action_button 'delete', {:url=> 'some-path', :title => t(:'link.delete'), :method => :delete, :class=>'delete'}
      = t.column :date
      = t.column :amount, :td_options => {opt=>val}

== KingFormat
Provides a semi-automatic formatting of date, money, percent fields. The field
types are defined inside a model. And the view helpers will show a nice output.

=== Example:

    #define date fields you model definition
    class Invoice < ActiveRecord::Base
      has_date_fields :date, :valid_until
      has_money_fields :total, :price
    end
    # see above for usage in views

== License
Copyright (c) 2009 Georg Leciejewski, released under the MIT-LICENSE